# Page snapshot

```yaml
- generic [active] [ref=e2]:
  - generic [ref=e3]:
    - img "eNcounter Cloud Logo" [ref=e5]
    - generic [ref=e16]:
      - generic [ref=e17]: "SUBSCRIPTION-EULA You (\"Subscriber\" or \"End User\") should carefully read this entire SUBSCRIPTION-END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT (\"Agreement\") before accepting its terms. This Agreement between You and GlobalMedia Group, LLC, an Arizona limited liability company, dba GlobalMed (\"GlobalMed\") sets forth the legally binding terms and conditions for your use of the Platform and/or the Software Programs (collectively, the \"GlobalMed Offerings\"). Please refer to GlobalMed's Privacy Policy for information on how GlobalMed collects, uses and discloses personally identifiable information from You. If any conflict exists between this Agreement and our Privacy Policy, this Agreement will prevail. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT AND THE PRIVACY POLICY, DO NOT USE THE GLOBALMED OFFERINGS. YOU MAY NOT USE THE PLATFORM IF YOU ARE UNDER THE AGE OF 18. THE REGISTRATION, USE, OR ACCESS OF THE PLATFORM BY ANYONE UNDER THE AGE OF 18 IS UNAUTHORIZED, UNLICENSED AND IN VIOLATION OF THIS AGREEMENT. GlobalMed offers Software Programs embedded into a variety of hardware manufactured by GlobalMed or third parties. The Software Programs may not be covered by the warranty, if any, provided for the related hardware. This Agreement governs the terms of use of the Software Programs. In addition, GlobalMed offers the Platform through which Providers, patients and authorized third parties may connect for purposes of delivering, receiving, supporting and/or verifying telemedicine services. GlobalMed operates, supports and maintains the Platform. GlobalMed is not a Provider and is not directly involved in transactions, nor a party to any contracts, between a Provider and a patient, a Provider and a third party, or a patient and a third party. Moreover, GlobalMed does not: (a) provide medical assessment, advice, diagnosis, and/or treatment; (b) control the quality, accuracy, scope or legality of any assessments, advice, diagnosis, treatments, information, or recommendations made by a Provider; (c) control any aspect of a Provider's decision or the decisions of any third party such as an insurance company's decision on whether or not a claim or service is covered by such insurance company or the patient's policy; or (d) verify the accuracy, validity, legality, or appropriateness of any assessments, advice, diagnosis, treatments, information, and recommendations made by Providers. GlobalMed shall not be liable to Subscriber or any other person for any Services obtain from a Provider or any third party. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Subscriber desires to (a) access and use the Platform and GlobalMed desires to authorize Subscriber to access and use the Platform; and/or (b) use the Software Programs. In consideration of the foregoing, and in reliance on the mutual agreements contained herein, the parties agree as follows: SUBSCRIPTION/LICENSE PROVIDED THAT YOU ARE AUTHORIZED TO USE THE PLATFORM AND/OR THE SOFTWARE PROGRAMS OWNED BY GLOBALMED, YOU ARE HEREBY GRANTED (A) A PERSONAL, LIMITED, NON-TRANSFERABLE, NON-EXCLUSIVE, NON-COMMERCIAL SUBSCRIPTION RIGHT TO ACCESS THE PLATFORM, AND/OR (B) A PERSONAL, LIMITED, NON-TRANSFERABLE, NON-EXCLUSIVE, NON-COMMERCIAL LICENSE TO USE THE SOFTWARE PROGRAM(S) OWNED BY GLOBALMED BUT ONLY UPON THE CONDITION THAT YOU ACCEPT ALL OF THE TERMS CONTAINED IN THIS AGREEMENT. PLEASE READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY. BY CLICKING ON \"I AGREE\", YOU INDICATE AND ACKNOWLEDGE YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF EACH AND EVEY TERM OF THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU ARE ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT ON BEHALF OF A COMPANY OR OTHER LEGAL ENTITY OR PERSON, YOUR ACCEPTANCE REPRESENTS THAT YOU HAVE THE AUTHORITY TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT FOR AND ON BEHALF OF SUCH ENTITY OR PERSON AND BIND SUCH ENTITY OR PERSON TO ALL OF THESE TERMS. 1. Parties. 1.1 All references to \"we\", \"us\", and \"our\" shall be construed to mean GlobalMed. 1.2 If you are not acting on behalf of yourself as an individual, then \"you\", \"your\", and \"yourself\" means the Subscriber you represent. 2. Definitions. 2.1 \"Documentation\" means all information, manuals and publications in electronic form or paper about the Platform or the Software Programs created by or licensed to GlobalMed. 2.2 \"Platform\" means the online SaaS offerings and software application known as eNcounter and the related mobile applications and websites owned and/or operated by GlobalMed made available through websites owned and/or operated by GlobalMed which Subscriber, if authorized, may access through direct login. GlobalMed may, at its sole discretion, add, eliminate, change, or modify the offerings available through the Platform. 2.3 \"Provider\" means a licensed healthcare professional who uses Telemedicine to deliver Provider Services. 2.4 \"Provider Services\" means healthcare services such as medical diagnosis, medical advice and medical treatment of certain conditions. 2.5 \"Software Programs\" means software programs owned by GlobalMed and embedded in hardware manufactured by GlobalMed or a third party, including any updates and new versions thereof, which a licensed End User, based on credentials, may access and use. 2.6 \"Telemedicine\" is the delivery of healthcare services such as medical assessments, diagnosis, advice and treatment through an online portal such as the Platform where the patient and the healthcare provider are not in the same physical location. 3. Platform. 3.1 Accounts and Passwords. In order to use the Platform, you must create an account (\"Account\") by entering your name, email address, password, and certain other information collected by GlobalMed (collectively \"Account Information\"). You must be of legal age to form a binding and valid (not voidable) contract; therefore, you must be of legal age to create an Account. You agree that the Account Information, information you provide, and all information you upload to the Platform will be true, accurate, current, and complete. You agree to keep and maintain your Account's password confidential and not disclose, transfer, or share such password with anyone. You agree not to create more than one Account (with the exception of subaccounts established for children of whom you are the parent or legal guardian). You are solely responsible for all activities that occur under your Account's password and in your Account, whether or not authorized by you. You accept all risks of unauthorized access to your Account and your Account Information and to any other information you provide through the Platform. GlobalMed reserves the right to take any and all action, as it deems reasonably necessary with respect to the security of the Platform and your Account Information. In no event and under no circumstances shall GlobalMed be held liable to you or anyone else for any liabilities or damages resulting from or arising out of your use of the Platform or the Account, or your disclosure of Account Information, the Account's password, or any other information to a third party. You agree not to use, break into, or otherwise jeopardize the security of anyone else's Account at any time. In addition, you agree not to impersonate any person or communicate under a false name or a name you are not entitled or authorized to use. You will (a) immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your Account, the Account's password and any breach of the security of your Account or the Platform; and (b) ensure that you properly exit from your Account each time you use the Platform. We may terminate your Account and access to the Platform if we learn that you have provided false or misleading Account Information. GlobalMed reserves the right at its discretion to suspend or cancel your Account's password if we suspect that it is being used in an unauthorized or fraudulent manner. In addition, we may terminate your Account if you do not use the Account within a period of at least twelve (12) consecutive months and you may be required to reinstate your Account in order to access the Platform. 3.2 Use of Platform. The Platform is available to individuals who are at least 18 years old and who have established an Account and to minors (under 18 years of age) but only if the use of the Platform is supervised by at least one parent or legal guardian who is at least 18 years old. If you created an Account as the parent or legal guardian on behalf of a minor, you will be fully responsible for complying with this Agreement and for ensuring that such minor's use of the Platform complies with the terms of this Agreement. Providers may wish to use the Platform for consultation purposes. If you are a Provider and are using the Platform for such consultation purposes, you agree that you have obtained all appropriate consents from your patients and all appropriate authorizations if your patient is a minor or is not capable of giving consent. As a condition to using the Platform to receive Provider Services, some jurisdictions may require you to be physically located at a healthcare facility and/or the participation of a telepresenter in order to receive Provider Services from a Provider or to receive coverage or reimbursement for the Provider Service. If you are located in a jurisdiction that requires a telepresenter or for you to be physically located in a healthcare facility, then you agree to (a) provide the name of the telepresenter and, if required, the professional qualifications of the telepresenter (e.g. RN, LPN), and/or (b) the name and address of the healthcare facility where you are located, when you establish your Account and at any other time required by us or by the Provider. Third parties such as insurance companies and billing or payment processing companies may access the Platform for purposes of verifying the Provider Services and your information. If you are an insurance company or a billing or payment processing company, you agree that you have obtained all appropriate consents from your customers and their patients and any other authorizations required by law in order for you to access the Platform and the specific customer or patient information contained within the Platform. 3.3 Subscriber Acknowledgement. You acknowledge, understand and agree with the following: . You will have the opportunity to select a Provider through the Platform but that Provider may not be available and he or she may designate another Provider in his or her practice to provide the Provider Services; . There is no guaranty or assurance of any results with respect to telemedicine including but not limited to the diagnosis, advice and treatment given by a Provider; and . The Provider may determine in his or her sole discretion that telemedicine or the Provider Services are not appropriate for some or all of your healthcare needs and may, therefore, elect not to provide services to you through the Platform. 3.4 Fees and Charges. You understand and acknowledge that there are fees and other charges that apply to the use of the Platform and the Provider Services. You agree to pay all fees or charges assessed to your Account in accordance with the billing terms in effect at the time the fee or charge is incurred whether or not your health insurance policy covers all or some of those fees and charges. An adjustment to fees and charges on your Account may be made by GlobalMed based on an agreement between GlobalMed and your health insurance plan, employer or agency pursuant to which such health insurance plan, employer or agency agrees to pay all or a portion of the fees or charges on your Account. The fees and charges ultimately charged to you will reflect such adjustment. You should verify whether your health insurance plan, employer or agency will pay all or some of the fees and charges before using the Provider Services. You agree to be personally responsible and liable for payment of all fees and charges on your Account regardless of whether or not the Provider Services are covered under a health insurance plan or whether or not the fees and charges for the Provider Services are covered by your employer or agency. GlobalMed reserves the right to change pricing for use of the Platform at any time but will provide you with notice of such changes. You will be billed for the pricing in effect at the time of your use of the Platform or the Provider Service. 3.5 Privacy. GlobalMed is required to comply with the health privacy and security provisions of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA), as amended from time to time, and all health privacy and security regulations promulgated under HIPAA. In addition, GlobalMed is required to maintain safeguards to protect the security of your protected health information. If you are deemed to be a \"business associate\" under applicable law, you may be required to enter into a Business Associate Agreement in connection with this Agreement. The Platform may allow you to communicate using an integrated electronic transmission system. Other than Account Information, other information in the Account and information transmitted through the Platform integrated electronic transmission system, information submitted by email or any other electronic transmission system to us, a Provider, or any third party may not be secure and may jeopardize the confidentiality of your information. Please be aware that there can be no assurance about the security and confidentiality of messages sent by email. This Agreement incorporates our Privacy Policy and by agreeing to this Agreement you agree to our Privacy Policy. Please click on the following link for our Privacy Policy. 4. Use and Restrictions. Subject to the use restrictions set forth in the Terms of Use, which are incorporated herein by this reference with respect to the Platform, and the terms and conditions of this Agreement, you may access and use the Platform and/or Software Programs only for your own internal purposes. All rights not expressly granted in this Agreement are reserved by GlobalMed and its licensors. 4.1 You will be granted authorized login protocols for the Platform, and you agree not to use the Platform in excess of your authorized login protocols. You agree not to access (or attempt to access) the Platform by any means other than through the login protocols provided to you by GlobalMed. You agree not to access (or attempt to access) the Platform through any automated means (including use of scripts or web crawlers). 4.2 You are not authorized and you agree not to (a) resell, sublicense, transfer, assign, or distribute the Platform, any content on or provided as part of the Platform, or any of the Software Programs; (b) modify or make derivative works based on the Platform and/or any of the Software Programs; (c) \"frame\" or \"mirror\" the Platform or any content on any other server or internet-enabled device, or (d) reverse engineer or decompile the Platform or its enabling software, or the Software Programs for any purpose whatsoever. 4.3 You acknowledge and agree that you are responsible for your conduct and the conduct of your officers, directors, employees, and agents while using the Platform and/or the Software Programs. In addition, you agree to indemnify and hold us and our officers, members, managers, directors, employees, agents, and representatives harmless from and against any and all loss, damages, liabilities, causes of action, lawsuits, claims, demands, disputes, costs, and expenses of any kind (including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys' fees and disbursements and court costs) arising from or in connection with your use of the Platform or the use of the Platform by anyone using your authorized login protocols, your use of any of the Software Programs, and/or your violation of this Agreement or the rights of any third party. Your obligations under this provision shall survive termination of this Agreement. 4.4 You are not authorized to use the Platform or our servers for the propagation, distribution, housing, processing, storing, or otherwise handling in any way lewd, obscene, or pornographic material, or any other material which we deem to be objectionable. The designation of any such materials is entirely at our sole discretion. 5. Ownership. The Platform and all software, software code, and technology used in connection with or related to the Platform are protected by law, including, but not limited to, United States intellectual property laws such as copyright law, patent law and trademark law, as well as international treaties. The copyright and other intellectual property rights in all Documentation and related materials are owned by the GlobalMed and/or its licensors. Except for the limited rights granted to you in this Agreement, all other rights are reserved by GlobalMed. 6. Modification. Except with regard to matters then pending in arbitration under the Arbitration Provision set forth in Section 18 of this Agreement, we reserve the right to modify this Agreement at any time by posting an amended Agreement that is always accessible through links placed on the Platform or login pages and/or by giving you prior written notice of the modification. IF ANY MODIFICATION IS UNACCEPTABLE TO YOU, YOUR ONLY RECOURSE IS TO TERMINATE THIS AGREEMENT. YOUR CONTINUED USE OF THE PLATFORM OR THE SOFTWARE PROGRAM FOLLOWING OUR POSTING OR NOTICE OF A MODIFIED AGREEMENT WILL CONSTITUTE YOUR BINDING ACCEPTANCE OF SUCH MODIFIED AGREEMENT. 7. Termination. You agree that we may terminate your access to the Platform without prior notice, upon the occurrence of any one of the following: (a) your material breach of this Agreement including, without limitation, non-payment, or (b) requests by law enforcement or other government agencies. You agree that all terminations shall be made at our sole discretion, and that we will not be liable to you or any third-party for any termination of access to the Platform. Moreover, a material breach of this Agreement by you, will relieve us from any obligation to provide you with updates or new versions of any Software Programs. 8. Your Account-Related Responsibilities. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your login protocols, and any additional information that we may provide regarding accessing the Platform. If you knowingly share your login protocols with another person who is not authorized to use the Platform, then we may terminate this Agreement. You agree to immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your login protocols or any other security breach. 9. Warranty Disclaimers. EXCEPT AS MAY BE PROVIDED IN ANY SEPARATE WRITTEN AGREEMENT SIGNED BY THE PARTIES, THE PLATFORM AND THE SOFTWARE PROGRAMS ARE PROVIDED ON AN \"AS-IS\" AND \"AS AVAILABLE\" BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. GLOBALMED AND ITS LICENSORS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT WITH RESPECT TO THE PLATFORM, THE SOFTWARE PROGRAMS AND ALL CONTENT, INFORMATION AND MATERIALS RELATED THERETO. GLOBALMED AND ITS LICENSORS DO NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE PLATFORM OR THE SOFTWARE PROGRAMS: (A) ARE (I) SECURE, ACCURATE, TIMELY, COMPLETE, UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, OR (II) EXCEPT HARWARE, SOFTWARE, SYSTEMS AND DATA PROVIDED BY GLOBALMED, COMPATIBLE OR OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER HARDWARE, SOFTWARE, SYSTEM OR DATA; (B) WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR EXPECTATIONS; OR (C) WILL BE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. THESE DISCLAIMERS CONSTITUTE AN ESSENTIAL PART OF THIS AGREEMENT. IF IMPLIED WARRANTIES MAY NOT BE DISCLAIMED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, THEN ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED IN DURATION TO THE PERIOD REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW. SOME STATES OR JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON HOW LONG AN IMPLIED WARRANTY MAY LAST, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT GLOBALMED PROVIDES AN ONLINE PLATFORM TO CONNECT PATIENTS TO INDEPENDENT THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS AND GLOBALMED DOES NOT PROVIDE MEDICAL ADVICE, DIAGNOSIS, OR TREATMENTS. INFORMATION ON THE SITE MAY CONTAIN TECHNICAL INACCURACIES OR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS OR OMISSIONS. GLOBALMED CANNOT AND DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE SITE OR ITS SERVER(S) ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS; THEREFORE, YOU SHOULD USE INDUSTRY-RECOGNIZED SOFTWARE TO DETECT AND DISINFECT VIRUSES. USE OF THE SITE IS SOLELY AT YOUR RISK. 10. Limitation of Liability. IN NO EVENT SHALL GLOBALMED AND/OR ITS LICENSORS BE LIABLE TO ANYONE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR OTHER DAMAGES OF ANY TYPE OR KIND (INCLUDING LOSS OF DATA, REVENUE, PROFITS, USE OR OTHER ECONOMIC ADVANTAGE) ARISING OUT OF, OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THE PLATFORM OR ANY OF THE SOFTWARE PROGRAMS INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PLATFORM OR THE SOFTWARE PROGRAMS, INFOMRATION OBTAINED FROM OR THROUGH THE PLATFORM OR ANY OF THE SOFTWARE PROGRAMS, ANY INTERRUPTION, INACCURACY, ERROR OR OMISSION, REGARDLESS OF CAUSE, EVEN IF GLOBALMED OR ITS LICENSORS HAVE BEEN PREVIOUSLY ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT WILL THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF GLOBALMED, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE, WHETHER ACTIVE, PASSIVE OR IMPUTED), PRODUCT LIABILITY, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER THEORY, EXCEED THE GREATER OF TEN U.S. DOLLARS ($10.00) OR THE AMOUNT YOU ACTUALLY PAID TO GLOBALMED, IF ANY, IN THE SIX MONTHS PRIOR TO THE EVENT WHICH GAVE RISE TO THE CLAIM. IF YOU CREATE AN ACCOUNT TO USE THE PLATFORM, YOUR USE OF THE PLATFORM MAY BE SUBJECT TO THE SEPARATE AGREEMENTS, POLICIES, AND FEES OF A PROVIDER OR THIRD PARTY. IN NO EVENT WILL GLOBALMED BE LIABLE FOR, OR SUBJECT TO DAMAGES RELATED TO, ANY SERVICES YOU OBTAIN FROM A PROVIDER OR THIRD-PARTY. Some of the above limitations of liability may not apply to you. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential damages. In such cases, GlobalMed's liability will be limited to the fullest extent permitted by the applicable law. 11. Confidential Information. You agree that all non-public information that we provide regarding the Platform and/or any of the Software Programs, including without limitation, our pricing, marketing, methodology, technology, and processes is our proprietary confidential information. You agree to use this confidential information only for purposes of exercising your rights under this Agreement in strict compliance with its terms, and you further agree not to use or disclose any confidential information for a period of three (3) years after termination of this Agreement. 12. Onward Transfer of Personal Information Outside Your Country of Residence. Any personal information that we may collect on the Platform will be stored and processed in our servers located in the United States. If you reside outside the United States, you consent to the transfer of personal information outside your country of residence to the United States. 13. Monitoring. We reserve the right to monitor your access and use of the Platform without providing any notification to you. 14. Security. You are solely responsible for acquiring and maintaining technology and procedures for maintaining the security of your link to the Internet. As part of the Platform, GlobalMed shall implement reasonable and appropriate security procedures consistent with prevailing industry standards to protect data from unauthorized access by physical and electronic intrusion; provided, however, unless resulting from the failure of GlobalMed to perform the forgoing obligation, you agree that GlobalMed shall not, under any circumstances, be held responsible or liable for situations (a) where data or transmissions are accessed by third parties through illegal, unauthorized, or illicit means, or (b) where the data or transmissions are accessed through the exploitation of security gaps, weaknesses, or flaws unknown to GlobalMed at the time. GlobalMed will promptly report to you any unauthorized access to your data upon discovery by GlobalMed, and GlobalMed will use diligent efforts to promptly remedy any breach of security that permitted such unauthorized access. 15. Notices. We may give notice to you by means of (a) an electronic notice sent to your account within the Platform, (b) by electronic mail to your e-mail address on record in your Registration Data, or (c) by written communication sent by first class mail or pre-paid postage to your address on record in your Registration Data. Such notice shall be deemed to have been given to you upon the expiration of forty-eight (48) hours after mailing (if sent by first class mail) or twelve (12) hours after sending (if sent by electronic notice or email). You may give notice to the GlobalMed (such notice shall be deemed given when received) at any time by means of: (i) a letter sent by confirmed facsimile to us at the following fax number: 480-922-1090; or (ii) a letter delivered by nationally recognized overnight delivery service or first-class postage, prepaid mail as follows: 15020 North 74th Street, Scottsdale, Arizona 85260, in either case, addressed to the attention of \"Chief Operating Officer\". Notices will not be effective unless sent in accordance with the above requirements. 16. Arbitration. If a dispute arises out of or relates to this Agreement and such dispute cannot be settled through negotiation, then the parties agree to resolve the dispute through binding arbitration only as described in this section (hereafter \"the Arbitration Provision\"). This Arbitration Provision is governed by the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. � 1, et seq., and applies to any dispute brought by either Subscriber or GlobalMed arising out of or related to this Agreement or Subscriber's relationship with GlobalMed, including termination of such relationship. The provisions of this Arbitration Provision will remain in force after the parties' contractual relationship ends. Nothing contained in this Arbitration Provision may be construed to prevent or excuse Subscriber from utilizing any procedure for resolution of complaints established in the Agreement (if any), and this Arbitration Provision is not intended to be a substitute for the utilization of such procedures. Except as it otherwise provides, this Arbitration Provision is intended to apply to the resolution of disputes that otherwise would be resolved in a court of law, and therefore this Arbitration Provision requires all such disputes to be resolved only by an arbitrator through final and binding arbitration and not by way of court or jury trial. 16.1 Arbitration Procedure. Subscriber and GlobalMed will select an Arbitrator by mutual agreement. Unless Subscriber and GlobalMed mutually agree otherwise, the Arbitrator will be an attorney licensed to practice in the location where the arbitration proceeding will be conducted or a retired federal or state judicial officer who presided in the jurisdiction where the arbitration will be conducted. If for any reason the parties cannot agree to an Arbitrator, either party may apply to a court of competent jurisdiction with authority over the location where the arbitration will be conducted for appointment of a neutral Arbitrator. The court will then appoint an Arbitrator, who will act under this Arbitration Provision with the same force and effect as if the parties had selected the Arbitrator by mutual agreement. The location of the arbitration proceeding must be in Maricopa County, Arizona. In arbitration, the parties will have the right to conduct adequate civil discovery, bring dispositive motions, and present witnesses and evidence as needed to present their cases and defenses, and any disputes in this regard will be resolved by the Arbitrator. 16.2 Making a Demand for Arbitration. A demand for arbitration must be in writing and delivered by first class mail. The Arbitrator will resolve all disputes regarding the timeliness or propriety of the demand for arbitration. 16.3 Class Action Waiver. GlobalMed and Subscriber agree to bring any dispute in arbitration on an individual basis only, and not on a class, collective, or private attorney general representative basis. There will be no right or authority for any dispute to be brought, heard or arbitrated as a class, collective, representative or private attorney general action, or as a member in any purported class, collective, representative or private attorney general proceeding, including without limitation pending but not certified class actions (\"Class Action Waiver\"). Disputes regarding the validity and enforceability of the Class Action Waiver may be resolved only by a civil court of competent jurisdiction and not by an arbitrator. In any case in which (1) the dispute is filed as a class, collective, representative or private attorney general action and (2) a civil court of competent jurisdiction finds all or part of the Class Action Waiver unenforceable, the class, collective, representative and/or private attorney general action to that extent must be litigated in a civil court of competent jurisdiction, but the portion of the Class Action Waiver that is enforceable shall be enforced in arbitration. 16.4 Attorneys' Fees and Arbitration Costs. Each party will pay the fees for its own attorneys, subject to any remedies to which that party may later be entitled under applicable law. Costs incidental to the arbitration, including the cost of the Arbitrator and the meeting site (\"Arbitration Costs\") will be borne by GlobalMed and Subscriber equally, unless otherwise required by applicable law, as determined by the Arbitrator, and any dispute regarding a party's obligation to pay Arbitration Costs will be determined by the Arbitrator. In the event Subscriber contends that, as a matter of law, it is not responsible for payment of any Arbitration Costs, Subscriber will have no obligation to pay any portion of the contested Arbitration Costs until, and only if, the Arbitrator determines that Subscriber is responsible for such costs. If necessary for arbitration of the dispute, GlobalMed agrees to cover the amount of the Arbitration Costs contested by Subscriber until such time as the Arbitrator determines payment responsibility. If the Arbitrator determines that Subscriber is responsible for any amount of the Arbitration Costs already paid by GlobalMed, Subscriber must remit payment of that amount to GlobalMed within 30 days of the Arbitrator's determination. 16.5 Post-Arbitration Procedures. Within 30 days of the close of the arbitration hearing (which period may be extended by stipulation of the parties), any party will have the right to prepare, serve on the other party and file with the Arbitrator a post-arbitration brief. The Arbitrator may award any party any remedy to which that party is entitled under applicable law, but such remedies will be limited to those that would be available to a party in the party's individual capacity in a court of law for the claims presented to and decided by the Arbitrator, and no remedies that otherwise would be available to an individual in a court of law will be forfeited by virtue of this Arbitration Provision. The Arbitrator must issue a decision or award in writing, stating the essential findings of fact and conclusions of law. Except as may be permitted or required by law, as determined by the Arbitrator, neither a party nor an Arbitrator may disclose the existence, content, or results of any arbitration hereunder without the prior written consent of the parties. A court of competent jurisdiction will have the authority to enter a judgment upon the award made pursuant to the arbitration. 16.6 Thirty-Day Opt-Out Period. If Subscriber does not want to be subject to this Arbitration Provision, Subscriber may opt out of this Arbitration Provision by notifying GlobalMed in writing of Subscriber's desire to opt out of this Arbitration Provision, which writing must be dated, signed and submitted by Certified U.S. Mail to GlobalMed at its principal place of business. In order to be effective, the writing must clearly indicate Subscriber's intent to opt out of this Arbitration Provision and the envelope containing the signed writing must be post-marked within 30 days of the date this Agreement is agreed to by Subscriber. Subscriber's writing opting out of this Arbitration Provision and a copy of this Agreement will be kept by GlobalMed. Should Subscriber not opt out of this Arbitration Provision within the 30-day period, Subscriber and GlobalMed will be bound by the terms of this Arbitration Provision. 16.7 Right to Consult with an Attorney. Subscriber has the right to consult with private counsel of Subscriber's choice with respect to any aspect of, or any claim that may be subject to, this Arbitration Provision. In the event any portion of this Arbitration Provision is deemed unenforceable, the remainder of this Arbitration Provision will be enforceable. If the Class Action Waiver is deemed to be unenforceable, Subscriber and GlobalMed agree that the Arbitration Provision is otherwise silent as to any party's ability to bring a class, collective or representative action in arbitration. 17. Applicable Law; Jurisdiction and Venue. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN SECTION 18, ABOVE, REGARDING THE AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE DISPUTES IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE FEDERAL ARBITRATION ACT, THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE CONSTRUED UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF ARIZONA, WITHOUT REGARD TO ITS PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW. TO THE EXTENT THERE ARE ANY DISPUTES NOT COVERED BY THE ARBITRATION PROVISION, THE FOLLOWING PROCEDURE APPLIES: THE COURTS OF MARICOPA COUNTY IN THE STATE OF ARIZONA AND THE NEAREST U.S. DISTRICT COURT SHALL BE THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION AND VENUE FOR ALL LEGAL PROCEEDINGS THAT ARE NOT COVERED BY THE ARBITRATION PROVISION. THIS MEANS THAT ANY LAWSUIT ARISING FROM OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT MAY ONLY BE BROUGHT AND HEARD IN MARICOPA COUNTY, ARIZONA. IN OTHER WORDS, IF YOU OR GLOBALMED CHOOSE TO FILE A LAW SUIT REGARDING THIS AGREEMENT, IT MUST BE DONE IN MARICOPA COUNTY, ARIZONA, AND NO OTHER LOCATION. YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO MAINTAIN AN ACTION AGAINST GLOBALMED IN ANY OTHER STATE OR JURISDICTION. 18. Severability. Except as provided in Section 18, above, regarding the Arbitration Provision, if any provision of this Agreement is declared invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be deemed modified to the extent necessary and possible to render it valid and enforceable. In any event, the unenforceability or invalidity of any provision shall not affect any other provision of this Agreement, and this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect, and be construed and enforced, as if such provision had not been included, or had been modified as above provided, as the case may be. 19. Force Majeure. We shall not be liable for damages for any delay or failure of delivery arising out of causes beyond our reasonable control and without our fault or negligence, including, but not limited to, Acts of God, acts of civil or military authority, power outage, labor strikes, fires, riots, wars, embargoes, Internet disruptions, virus, hacker attacks, act of terrorism, or communications failures. 20. Survival. Those clauses the survival of which is necessary for the interpretation or enforcement of this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect in accordance with their terms notwithstanding the expiration or termination of this Agreement, such clauses to include, without limitation, the following: Warranty Disclaimers, Limitation of Liability, Confidential Information, Security, Notices, Arbitration, Applicable Law, Jurisdiction and Venue, Severability, Force Majeure, and Miscellaneous. 21. Acknowledgements. By clicking the \"I Agree\" button, I affirm that I have the authority to execute this Agreement and that I have done so voluntarily and with ample opportunity to have any questions or concerns addressed prior to signing. 22. Miscellaneous. This Agreement, the Privacy Policy, and the Terms of Use constitute the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and merges all prior communications, understandings, and agreements. The failure of either party to enforce at any time any of the provisions hereof shall not be a waiver of such provision, or any other provision, or of the right of such party thereafter to enforce any provision hereof. The application the United Nations Convention of Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is expressly excluded. This license is written in English, and English is its controlling language. *****END OF AGREEMENT*****"
      - generic [ref=e18]:
        - link "I Agree" [ref=e20] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: "#"
        - link "Cancel" [ref=e22] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: "#"
  - generic [ref=e26]:
    - generic [ref=e27]:
      - paragraph [ref=e28]: Connect with us
      - link [ref=e29] [cursor=pointer]:
        - /url: https://www.facebook.com/globalmed
        - img [ref=e30]
      - link [ref=e31] [cursor=pointer]:
        - /url: https://twitter.com/GlobalMed_USA
        - img [ref=e32]
      - link [ref=e33] [cursor=pointer]:
        - /url: https://www.youtube.com/user/GlobalMediaTelemed
        - img [ref=e34]
      - link [ref=e35] [cursor=pointer]:
        - /url: https://www.linkedin.com/company/839991
        - img [ref=e36]
    - generic [ref=e38]:
      - link "Send feedback" [ref=e41] [cursor=pointer]:
        - /url: https://www.globalmed.com/contact-us/
      - link "Legal information" [ref=e44] [cursor=pointer]:
        - /url: https://www.globalmed.com/legal
      - link "Privacy statement" [ref=e47] [cursor=pointer]:
        - /url: https://www.globalmed.com/legal/privacy-statement
  - generic [ref=e49]:
    - generic [ref=e51]:
      - link [ref=e53] [cursor=pointer]:
        - /url: "#"
        - img [ref=e54]
      - generic [ref=e55]:
        - heading "HIPAA Compliance" [level=4] [ref=e56]
        - paragraph [ref=e57]: Strengthens HIPAA compliance with the best security features and encryption algorithms available
    - generic [ref=e58]:
      - link [ref=e60] [cursor=pointer]:
        - /url: "#"
        - img [ref=e61]
      - generic [ref=e62]:
        - heading "Web Viewer" [level=4] [ref=e63]
        - paragraph [ref=e64]: Avoids the compatibility issues of multiple DICOM viewers with a single web-based viewer which runs in your browser without additional plugins and downloads
    - generic [ref=e65]:
      - link [ref=e67] [cursor=pointer]:
        - /url: "#"
        - img [ref=e68]
      - generic [ref=e69]:
        - heading "PDF Reports" [level=4] [ref=e70]
        - paragraph [ref=e71]: Increases potential for collaboration by providing helpful tools which aid the process (Passcode Access, PDF Report Generation, Email Notifications).
    - generic [ref=e73]:
      - text: © 2002-2026 GlobalMed
      - superscript [ref=e74]: ®
      - text: . All Rights Reserved. v3.0.0
```